#Terms and Conditions of Use

*	Payments to the Garrett County Government, henceforth referred to as the County, can be made using a credit or debit card. Some services may allow payment with an electronic withdraw from a checking account.
*	Payments are posted to the County's accounting system and will appear on the web site within one business day following payment posting.
*	Completion of a payment transaction is contingent upon both the authorization of payment by your credit card company or bank and receipt of your payment by the County. In the event your payment is not processed, for any reason, you remain responsible for any balance on your account. Late fees and penalties will continue to accrue until payment of the account is received by the County. The County will credit your payment on the date we receive the electronic payment from your credit card company or bank.
*	The County is a governmental unit that is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Public Information Act. You should be aware that information regarding your accounts may be subject to disclosure under the Act. Financial information (such as card type and number) is not public information and is not subject to disclosure under the Act.
*	The County's website and payment mechanism is operated by the County on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. We make no representations, warranties, or guarantees of any kind. We disclaim any and all representations, warranties, and guarantees with respect to this site and its contents, whether expressed, implied, or statutory.
*	The County uses Secure Socket Layering (SSL) to encrypt personal credit information, including credit card number and account number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for securing online transactions.
*	The County, its officials, agents, employees, successors and assigns shall not be responsible or liable for any and all damages or losses of any kind or nature suffered or incurred by any and all property owners, their respective personal representatives, agents, heirs, successors, and assigns, as applicable, as a result of, in connection with, or arising out of the use of or reliance upon the County's online payment mechanism and information provided herein.
*	All users and agents and representatives hereby release the County and its agents from any and all losses, liability or damages arising out of, or in connection with, the County's online payment mechanism.
*	You are bound by all applicable laws, as governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of Maryland. For any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the County's online payment mechanism, you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Maryland and to venue in Garrett County, Maryland.
*	Except as otherwise supplemented by and stated in the County web site General Users Terms and Conditions, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Garrett County Government with respect to this site. The County reserves the right to make changes to its site, policies, or Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, without prior notice. If any of these terms and conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term and condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining terms and/or conditions.

